---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

###### Week of January 27th, 2020 - February 2nd, 2020
This week marks the first week of classes for the Spring 2020 semester. To be honest, I felt extremely exhausted prior to the start of the semester. I was simply not ready to begin another semester, but now, I feel good about everything. I feel much better than I was before for the following reason:

The two class sessions that I have attended for my Open-Source Software Development Class (OSSD) have inspired me. I learned about about the history of Open Source Software and found it to be quite interesting. Before taking this class, I thought open source contributions were fascinating and deemed myself an advocate of open source software and contributions. Upon learning more about open source and its significance, I have become an ardent supporter. The lesson reminded me about why I chose to take this course. _**Why did I choose to take this course?**_ Well, there are a couple of reasons. First, I asked my friends who took the class last semester "What elective should I take?" to which they responded, "Open Source". They are intelligent people, so I trust their judgement. Second, I am truly interested in the concept of Open Source Software. I think it's amazing to have the freedom to contribute to any project, either big or small. My dream is to be a software engineer. During my career, I want to make an **impact** on whatever project I'm working on. I want to create software that influences society. Last year, my friend shared his story with me about his contributions to an open source Tetris Game. His story inspired me to participate in Hacktoberfest. Learning about his contributions made me want to also contribute and help with someone's work. Those are my reasons for taking OSSD. Thanks for reading!

~ Jessica Wong
